add supported API's link to middleware docs (#37251)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/middleware.md

The function can be a default export and as such, does **not** have to be named `middleware`. Though this is a convention. Also note that you only need to make the function `async` if you are running asynchronous code.

> [Read the full Middleware API reference](/docs/api-reference/next/server.md) and [learn about the supported Web API's available](/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime.md#unsupported-apis)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the full [Middleware API reference](/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime.md), note [Node.js APIs are not supported in this environment](/docs/api-reference/edge-runtime.md#unsupported-apis)
```
